Pojav Launcher instructions (#56)
Fabulously-Optimized/wiki: install-instructions.md

* Attempts have been made to improve performance, but depending on your device you may need to adjust video settings.
* In the worst case, you may not get it running at all. Try again after Pojav Launcher updates.

<details><summary><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mojang.minecraftpe">I don't agree and just want to play Minecraft</a></summary></details>

<details>
  <summary>I agree and would like to see the instructions</summary>

1. [Download Pojav Launcher](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.kdt.pojavlaunch)
   * Do not fall into scam websites and apps. The only official site for it is https://github.com/PojavLauncherTeam/PojavLauncher
2. [Download Files](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.marc.files)
   * This is a shortcut to your system's file manager. Other file managers may need root to follow these instructions.
3. [Download Fabric installer](https://fabricmc.net/use/installer/) (Universal/.JAR)
4. [Download CurseForge GUI installer](https://github.com/Madis0/CurseForge-GUI/releases/download/694de8b/CurseForge-GUI-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar)

> 5. Download Fabulously Optimized patches for Pojav Launcher: [1.19.4](https://minhaskamal.github.io/DownGit/#/home?url=https://github.com/Fabulously-Optimized/fabulously-optimized/tree/pojav/PojavLauncher/1.19.4)

Author: > hey uh great news ig, pojavlauncher working now with FO perfectly
> with a new updated zink renderer

* In the worst case, you may not get it running at all. Try again after Pojav Launcher updates.

<details><summary><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mojang.minecraftpe">I don't agree and just want to play Minecraft</a></summary></details>

<details>
  <summary>I agree and would like to see the instructions</summary>

1. [Download Pojav Launcher](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.kdt.pojavlaunch)
   * Do not fall into scam websites and apps. The only official site for it is https://github.com/PojavLauncherTeam/PojavLauncher
2. [Download Files](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.marc.files)
   * This is a shortcut to your system's file manager. Other file managers may need root to follow these instructions.
3. [Download Fabric installer](https://fabricmc.net/use/installer/) (Universal/.JAR)
4. [Create a Pojav-patched version of FO zip](https://fabulously-optimized.github.io/pojav-patcher/)
   * This can be done on a computer or mobile, up to you.
5. Run Pojav Launcher
6. Tap `Add account` → `Microsoft account` and sign in

> 7. Tap `(Default) - Unknown` → `Create new profile` → `SAVE`

Author: ```suggestion
7. Tap `(Default) - Unknown` → `Create new profile` → `Create modpack profile`
8. In the search field, press `f`, then `Enter`
9. Select the first result, press `Install`
```

    * If you get a black screen: quit the game, go back to Pojav → `🎛️` → `Video and renderer` → `Renderer` → (choose any) → ⬅️ → ⬅️ → try playing again
10. Launch Pojav again, tap `Install .jar` → select `fabric-installer-x.x.x.jar`. You'll see the Fabric installer with some logs.
11. Tap `❌` to close the logs, then `Install` → `OK` → `⛝`
12. Close Pojav and open Files.
13. Tap `☰` → `PojavLauncher` → hold down on `options.txt`, tap `🗑️` → `OK`
14. Tap `☰` → `Downloads` → `Fabulously+Optimized+x.x.x.zip` → `Fabulously Optimized x.x.x` → `minecraft`
15. Hold down on one folder and tap on all three folders, then tap `⋮` → `Extract to...`
16. Tap `☰` → `PojavLauncher` → `⋮` → `Show hidden files` → `.minecraft` → `EXTRACT`
17. Tap `☰` → `Downloads` → `DownGit.zip` → `(Minecraft version)`
    * Can't see .minecraft? Tap `⋮` → `Show hidden files` 
18. Hold down on `config` folder and tap on both items, then tap `⋮` → `Extract to...`
19. Tap `☰` → `PojavLauncher` → `.minecraft` → `EXTRACT`
20. Tap `☰` → `PojavLauncher` → `.minecraft` 

> 21. On each duplicated folder (e.g. "config (2)" or "resourcepacks (2)"), do the following:

Author: This is so stupid, but it seems to be what the default file manager does so I'm not sure how to workaround it well. Using a different file manager doesn't seem to be an option after all because

1. it makes Pojav files much harder to access
2. it may require root to access them in the first place

   * On CurseForge's new UI, `⌵` → `Download file`
   * Don't see the MultiMC version? Click the title of the CurseForge version you need and scroll down, you'll find the MultiMC variant there.
      * Alternatively, look for it in the sidebar, under "server packs". Don't worry, these are not server packs, just marked as such for findability.
   * If you don't see any mods inside the zip or only see one, you downloaded the wrong version.
5. Download Fabulously Optimized patches for Pojav Launcher: [1.19.3](https://minhaskamal.github.io/DownGit/#/home?url=https://github.com/Fabulously-Optimized/fabulously-optimized/tree/pojav/PojavLauncher/1.19.3)
   * This optimizes the modpack for mobile users.
6. Run Pojav Launcher
7. Tap `Add account` → `Microsoft account` and sign in
8. Tap `(Default) - Unknown` → `Create new profile` → `SAVE`
9. Tap `Play`. Wait for it to fully load to the title screen, then exit the game.
    * If you get a RAM warning ("The current amount of..."), tap `OK` for now. It usually means you just need to close background apps for better performance.

>     * If you get a black screen: quit the game, go back to Pojav → `🎛️` → `Video and renderer` → `Renderer` → (choose any) → ⬅️ → ⬅️ → try playing again

Author: IMS also said to use Zink when available as this provides actually better performance and to not disable Sodium's chunk rendering via patches.

* Pojav Launcher supports Android 5 and up, but these instructions were tested on Android 13.
* Your device will likely heat and consume a lot of battery as you play. It is _not_ as device-optimized as Bedrock Edition.
* Attempts have been made to improve performance, but depending on your device you may need to adjust video settings.
* In the worst case, you may not get it running at all. Try again after Pojav Launcher updates.

<details><summary><a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mojang.minecraftpe">I don't agree and just want to play Minecraft</a></summary></details>

<details>
  <summary>I agree and would like to see the instructions</summary>

1. [Download Pojav Launcher](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.kdt.pojavlaunch)
   * Do not fall into scam websites and apps. The only official site for it is https://github.com/PojavLauncherTeam/PojavLauncher
2. [Download Files](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.marc.files)
   * This is a shortcut to your system's file manager. Other file managers may need root to follow these instructions.
3. [Download Fabric installer](https://fabricmc.net/use/installer/) (Universal/.JAR)

> 4. [Download CurseForge GUI installer](https://github.com/Madis0/CurseForge-GUI/releases/download/2e9023f/CurseForge-GUI-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar)

Author: Update to new release

    * If you get a black screen: quit the game, go back to Pojav → `🎛️` → `Video and renderer` → `Renderer` → (choose any) → ⬅️ → ⬅️ → try playing again
10. Launch Pojav again, tap `Install .jar` → select `fabric-installer-x.x.x.jar`. You'll see the Fabric installer with some logs.
11. Tap `❌` to close the logs, then `Install` → `OK` → `⛝`
12. Tap `Install .jar` → select `CurseForge-GUI-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar`. You'll see a different kind of installer with some logs.
13. Tap `❌` to close the logs, then `Install modpack` → `KEYBOARD`
14. Enter the following code, according to the version you prefer. The keyboard may cover your screen, but try to get it right regardless.
    * **Latest for 1.19.4**: enter `396246`.
    * **3.14.1 for 1.18.2**: enter `396246_3983420`.
    * **2.7.3 for 1.17.1**: enter `396246_3667614`.
    * **1.12.3 for 1.16.5**: enter `396246_3667608`.
15. Press Enter on the keyboard and wait for the install to complete. Once installed, press `OK` → `⛝`
    * If you failed to enter the correct code, just close and try again from step 12.
16. Close Pojav and open Files.

> 17. Tap `☰` → `Downloads` → `DownGit.zip` → `(Minecraft version)`

Author: Should be version number still

<details>
  <summary>I agree and would like to see the instructions</summary>

1. [Download Pojav Launcher](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.kdt.pojavlaunch)
   * Do not fall into scam websites and apps. The only official site for it is https://github.com/PojavLauncherTeam/PojavLauncher
2. [Download Files](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.marc.files)
   * This is a shortcut to your system's file manager. Other file managers may need root to follow these instructions.
3. [Download Fabric installer](https://fabricmc.net/use/installer/) (Universal/.JAR)
4. [Download the latest **MultiMC version** of Fabulously Optimized](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/modpacks/fabulously-optimized/files)
   * On CurseForge's new UI, `⌵` → `Download file`
   * Don't see the MultiMC version? Click the title of the CurseForge version you need and scroll down, you'll find the MultiMC variant there.
      * Alternatively, look for it in the sidebar, under "server packs". Don't worry, these are not server packs, just marked as such for findability.
   * If you don't see any mods inside the zip or only see one, you downloaded the wrong version.

> 5. Download Fabulously Optimized patches for Pojav Launcher: [1.19.3](https://minhaskamal.github.io/DownGit/#/home?url=https://github.com/Fabulously-Optimized/fabulously-optimized/tree/pojav/PojavLauncher/1.19.3)

Author: Idea: distribute pojav patches in the normal cf instance, separate folder somehow

Alternatively, release separate versions for Pojav on CF (bad)
